When you have to shoot, shoot, don't talk.
There are two kinds of people in the world, my friend. Those who have a rope around their neck and those who have the job of doing the cutting.
You want to know who you are? Huh? Huh? You don't, I do, everyone does... you're the son of a thousand fathers, all bastards like you.
If you work for a living, why do you kill yourself working?
There are two kinds of spurs, my friend. Those that come in by the door, those that come in by the window.
Cervesa!
You never had a rope around your neck. Well, I'm going to tell you something. When that rope starts to pull tight, you can feel the Devil bite your ass.
If I get my hand on the two hundred thousand dollars, I'll always honor your memory. I swear.
That's so. Even a tramp like me, no matter what happens, I know there's always a brother who won't refuse me a bowl of soup.
I have a system, very much like yours. Only difference is I don't shoot the rope, I shoot the legs off the stool. Adios.
The world is divided into two kinds of people, those who have friends and those who are lonely like poor Tuco.
Hijo de una gran puta!
Who the hell is that? One bastard goes in, another one comes out.
Don't die, I'll get you water. Stay there. Don't move, I'll get you water. Don't die until later.
If you miss you better miss very well. Whoever double-crosses me and leaves me alive understands nothing about Tuco. Nothing!
Hurrah! Hurrah for the Confederacy! HURRAH! Down with General Grant! Hurrah for General... What's his name? Lee! LEE! Ha ha. God is with us because he hates the Yanks too. HURRAH!
Roll it up, roll it up! I'll give you a good idea where you can put it!
I'm looking for the owner of that horse. He's tall, blonde, he smokes a cigar, and he's a pig!
You pig! You wanted to get me killed? When'd you unload it?
I like big fat men like you. When they fall they make more noise. And sometimes they don't get up.
I never hurt anybody.
Hey! Hey everybody look! He's giving him the filthy money! JUDAS! You sold my HIDE!
I told you once, friend, if I ever get you down, you're going to need a lot of help to get back up again!
You filthy, double-crossing bastard! Of all the stinking, dirty tricks—.
I'm very happy you are working with me! And we're together again. I get dressed, I kill him and be right back.
So, that's why you came to Tuco. It doesn't matter, I'll kill them all.
Yeah... three thousand dollars, friend. That's a lot of money for a head. I bet they didn't even pay you a penny for your arm.
Ah, my belly's full. Nice guy, my brother. I didn't tell you my brother was in charge here? Everything. Like the Pope, almost. He's in charge in Rome. Yeah, yeah, my brother, he say to me, "Stay, brother, don't go home. We never see each other. Here, there's plenty to eat and drink. Bring your friend, too." Whenever we see each other, he never lets me go. It's always the same story. My brother, he's crazy about me.
¡Hijo de una puta que te parió! You'll pay for this! I hope you end up in a graveyard, with the cholera and the rabies and the plague! Cut me loose! Cut me loose, you filthy bastard! Put me down! I hope your mother ends up in a two-dollar whorehouse! Cut me loose! Cut me loose!
One name is as good as another. Not wise to use your own name.
Where? Where I'm going, amigo. Over that way, another hundred miles of beautiful, sun-baked sand.
Even the armies are afraid to march through there. Sibley's men are retreating up there. Canby's men are coming here. But no one will set foot in this hell, except you and me.
I don't know, soon as I hit the desert I'm thirsty. Burns, huh? They say people with fair skin can't take too much.